##### CloudWatch 是什么？
Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring service for AWS cloud resources and the applications you run on AWS. You can use Amazon CloudWatch to collect and track metrics, collect and monitor log files, and set alarms. Amazon CloudWatch can monitor AWS resources such as Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon DynamoDB tables, and Amazon RDS DB instances, as well as custom metrics generated by your applications and services, and any log files your applications generate. 



##### 我们为什么要使用CloudWatch？
You can use Amazon CloudWatch to gain system-wide visibility into resource utilization, application performance, and operational health. You can use these insights to react and keep your application running smoothly.



##### CloudWatch中的metrics是什么？包括哪些种类？我们可以如何使用metrics？
*Metrics* are the fundamental concept in CloudWatch. A metric represents a time-ordered set of data points that are published to CloudWatch. Think of a metric as a variable to monitor, and the data points as representing the values of that variable over time. For example, the CPU usage of a particular EC2 instance is one metric provided by Amazon EC2. The data points themselves can come from any application or business activity from which you collect data.

AWS services send metrics to CloudWatch, and you can send your own custom metrics to CloudWatch. You can add the data points in any order, and at any rate you choose. You can retrieve statistics about those data points as an ordered set of time-series data.

Metrics exist only in the Region in which they are created. Metrics cannot be deleted, but they automatically expire after 15 months if no new data is published to them. Data points older than 15 months expire on a rolling basis; as new data points come in, data older than 15 months is dropped.

Metrics are uniquely defined by a name, a namespace, and zero or more dimensions. Each data point in a metric has a time stamp, and (optionally) a unit of measure. You can retrieve statistics from CloudWatch for any metric.



##### CloudWatch Events是什么？可以应用在哪些场景？
Amazon CloudWatch Events (CWE) is a stream of system events describing changes in your AWS resources. The events stream augments the existing CloudWatch Metrics and Logs streams to provide a more complete picture of the health and state of your applications. You write declarative rules to associate events of interest with automated actions to be taken.

Currently, Amazon EC2, Auto Scaling, and AWS CloudTrail are supported. Via AWS CloudTrail, mutating API calls (i.e., all calls except Describe*, List*, and Get*) across all services are visible in CloudWatch Events.



##### 相关概念理解：metrics，periods，namespace，count，dimensions，statistics
1. **Metrics**: Metrics are data about the performance of your systems. By default, several services provide free metrics for resources (such as Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon EBS volumes, and Amazon RDS DB instances). You can also enable detailed monitoring for some resources, such as your Amazon EC2 instances, or publish your own application metrics. Amazon CloudWatch can load all the metrics in your account (both AWS resource metrics and application metrics that you provide) for search, graphing, and alarms.

2. **Periods**: A *period* is the length of time associated with a specific Amazon CloudWatch statistic. Each statistic represents an aggregation of the metrics data collected for a specified period of time. Periods are defined in numbers of seconds, and valid values for period are 1, 5, 10, 30, or any multiple of 60. For example, to specify a period of six minutes, use 360 as the period value. You can adjust how the data is aggregated by varying the length of the period. A period can be as short as one second or as long as one day (86,400 seconds). The default value is 60 seconds.

3. **Namespace**: A *namespace* is a container for CloudWatch metrics. Metrics in different namespaces are isolated from each other, so that metrics from different applications are not mistakenly aggregated into the same statistics.

   There is no default namespace. You must specify a namespace for each data point you publish to CloudWatch. You can specify a namespace name when you create a metric. These names must contain valid XML characters, and be fewer than 256 characters in length.

4. **Count**: Each statistic has a unit of measure. Example units include `Bytes`, `Seconds`, `Count`, and `Percent`. For the complete list of the units that CloudWatch supports, see the [MetricDatum](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/APIReference/API_MetricDatum.html) data type in the *Amazon CloudWatch API Reference*.

5. **Dimensions**: A *dimension* is a name/value pair that is part of the identity of a metric. You can assign up to 10 dimensions to a metric.

   Every metric has specific characteristics that describe it, and you can think of dimensions as categories for those characteristics. Dimensions help you design a structure for your statistics plan. Because dimensions are part of the unique identifier for a metric, whenever you add a unique name/value pair to one of your metrics, you are creating a new variation of that metric.

   AWS services that send data to CloudWatch attach dimensions to each metric. You can use dimensions to filter the results that CloudWatch returns. For example, you can get statistics for a specific EC2 instance by specifying the `InstanceId` dimension when you search for metrics.

6. **Statistics**: *Statistics* are metric data aggregations over specified periods of time. CloudWatch provides statistics based on the metric data points provided by your custom data or provided by other AWS services to CloudWatch. Aggregations are made using the namespace, metric name, dimensions, and the data point unit of measure, within the time period you specify.